README.md, before:

# WebGL 2D Vertex Coordinates Tool

An interactive educational tool to help students understand WebGL vertex coordinates and primitive types.

## Features

- Interactive canvas where students can place vertices
- Real-time visualization of WebGL primitives
- Conversion between pixel coordinates and Normalized Device Coordinates (NDC)
- Support for multiple primitive types (POINTS, LINES, TRIANGLES, etc.)
- Color selection for vertices
- Auto demo mode to show optimal vertex placement
- 3D shape examples
- Responsive design for all device sizes

## How to Use

1. Select a primitive type from the dropdown menu
2. Click on the left canvas to place vertices
3. Watch as the shape appears in the WebGL canvas on the right
4. Use the auto demo button to see predefined examples
5. Copy the generated code to use in your own WebGL projects

## Local Development

To run this tool locally:

1. Clone this repository
2. Open index.html in a modern browser
3. No build tools or dependencies required!

## Created By

Designed and developed by Ntlakanipho Mgaguli

Commit message:

Add live Netlify link to README

README.md, after:

# WebGL 2D Vertex Coordinates Tool

An interactive educational tool to help students understand WebGL vertex coordinates and primitive types.

🟢 **Live Demo:**  
👉 [https://vertices-visualiser.netlify.app](https://vertices-visualiser.netlify.app)

---

## Features

- Interactive canvas where students can place vertices
- Real-time visualization of WebGL primitives
- Conversion between pixel coordinates and Normalized Device Coordinates (NDC)
- Support for multiple primitive types (POINTS, LINES, TRIANGLES, etc.)
- Color selection for vertices
- Undo and Reset buttons for easy control
- Auto demo mode to show optimal vertex placement
- Tooltips and primitive explanation panel
- Responsive design for all device sizes
- Dark/Light mode toggle for better accessibility

---

## How to Use

1. Select a primitive type from the dropdown menu
2. Choose a color for your vertices
3. Click on the left canvas to place vertices
4. Watch as the shape appears in the WebGL canvas on the right
5. Use the Auto Demo button to see predefined vertex placement
6. Copy the generated code to use in your own WebGL projects
7. Toggle between light and dark themes using the button in the top-right corner

---

## Local Development

To run this tool locally:

1. Clone this repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/2Ntlaks/VerticesVisualiser.git
   cd VerticesVisualiser
   ```
